[MUSIC]
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's look at step three.
I want you to observe something,
again, we're
kind of trying to take a higher level view
of what's happening here in this code.
Okay, so don't get too much
focused on the syntax and
let's think more about conceptuals.
What does the details js, what does
the details module signify to you?
What is its job?
>> Speaker 2: To display details.
>> Kyle Simpson: Display details,
but really more just to manage
the details page, right?
What is the carousel modules job?
>> Speaker 3: Manage the carousel.
>> Kyle Simpson: Manage the carousel,
right?
So, would you consider it to be kind
of a weird code organization if
the carousel module had details
specific code inside of it?
>> Speaker 3: Yes.
>> Kyle Simpson: That would look weird to
have, if we're going to all the trouble to
have separate modules,
we want them to be independent, right?
Same question, if I had carousel specific
code inside of my details module,
that would equally seem not appropriate.
Would seem like too much
mixture of the two, right?
If we're properly structuring our modules
we want to put code where it belongs,
is the point I'm making.
So, let's go back to our code and
see the current state of things.
Do you see anything inside of the details
folder that looks like it's directly
related to the carousel?
>> Speaker 3: We're searching for the-
>> Speaker 2: Items.
>> Kyle Simpson: Basically all of init.
[LAUGH]
>> Speaker 3: Yes.
>> Kyle Simpson: Most or, these two lines,
two of the three lines in init are related
to the carousel, but we're dealing with
them inside of the details module.
The point I'm making is that even though
this function, even though this code is
functional, it gets the job done,
it's kind of not organized well.
It would be better if we could
figure out a way to take
the carousel specific code and keep it
entirely within the carousel module, and
keep the details code entirely
within the details module.
So, this next step of
task three is to observe
that that code belongs over
in the carousel module.
So the first thing I'm just going to do,
is take those two pieces of code,
I'm going to copy them, delete them,
and I'm going to move over the carousel
module and I'm going to put them in here,
down here at the bottom.
Just my first step of
figuring out how to organize,
because this is really where those belong,
okay.
Now, one thing right off
the bat that I'll notice,
which actually should have
been a good clue to us.
Remember I just moved
in this items variable?
We already have one,
we're already getting the items variable.
So we don't need this items
variable anymore at all.
That one is superfluous and unnecessary,
which is a clue to us that it was
not in the right place to begin with,
if we had to do that that look up twice.
Does everybody see that?
So that should have
jumped out at us before.
But now that we're focusing on the right
things, now we'll look at this and
say, okay, so that stuff,
I didn't even need it, but
I do use the items thing
to make my click handler.
Now, I do have this problem,
which is that the loadPerson function
doesn't exist in this module.
Where does it exist?
>> Speaker 3: Details.
>> Kyle Simpson: It exists in details,
right.
All right,
now let's look inside of details and see,
is any of this code related
to the carousel, and
any of the stuff inside of loadPerson,
is that related to the carousel?
>> Kyle Simpson: I would suggest that
line four is pretty heavily related
to the carousel.
Because we're looking specifically
at a rel attribute of an item that
sits inside of the carousel.
So, everybody see that?
>> Kyle Simpson: So line four also looks
to me to be a line that should move out.
So I'm going to take it out for
right now, okay?
And I want to put it over
here in the carousel, and
I got to figure out where
am I going to put it?
Well, I need a function to
go in place of loadPerson.
So, why don't I call this one clickPerson?
And the name here is important,
because I'm suggesting that the carousel
module does not actually care what
happens after you click the person.
That capability, that concern,
belongs to the details module.
The carousel just says, I just need
you to be able to click something,
I don't care what you
do with it after that.
Does everybody see that concept
that I'm trying to get at?
So let's call it clickPerson,
because that actually signifies more
directly what it's supposed to do.
It is an event handler,
clickPerson is an event handler,
and that line of code
needs to go right here.
So everybody with me on that?
And let's take that named function and
use that in place, so
we've got it now in place of loadPerson.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now,
if we just left the code like this,
nothing would happen, right?
We'd pull out the ID, but nothing would
happen over there in that other module.
The details module wouldn't
actually do the loading.
So, let's consider what's happening
over here in the details module.
There's no more event, so
this is not an event handler anymore.
>> Kyle Simpson: But what does this
function primarily depend upon?
There's one piece of
information that it needs.
>> Speaker 3: ID.
>> Kyle Simpson: Everybody see that?
It needs an ID.
We've taken things where
previously we had two different
concerns packed together
in the same function.
We've now split them out into
two separate functions, and
separated them into two
entirely different modules.
That's a process that we call
abstraction in programming, okay?
So here, I have a loadPerson function that
I should be able to call with any ID.
It doesn't matter where the ID comes from,
does it?
I mean I could just call loadPerson three,
and
I would want it to load
up the third person.
So, from the perspective
of the details module,
he doesn't care at all
where it comes from.
And from the perspective of the carousel,
he doesn't care at all what
you do with the click.
So, we can simply delegate that behavior
by putting loadPerson on our public API.
So if I put loadPerson
on the public API for
the details module, it means I'm not
dealing with an event handler at all.
I don't care where
the loadPerson call comes from.
It could come from a click event,
it could come from an ajax, I don't care.
It just comes from somewhere.
So you just call loadPerson, that's
my perspective in the details module.
In the carousel module,
I only care that you should load a person,
but I don't care how that happens.
I don't care about any of those details.
So here, what am I going to do?
I'm going to call Details.loadPerson.
And what do I need to pass to it?
>> Speaker 3: The ID.
>> Kyle Simpson: The ID that I calculated.
>> Kyle Simpson: Way more important
than the syntax of what I just did,
is the concept of what I just did.
>> Kyle Simpson: Looking at
a piece of code and analyzing,
is this piece of code in
the correct location?
Maybe one of the most important skills
that you can have as a developer in
any language, but
definitely in JavaScript.
Looking at a piece of code and
identifying, is this properly organized?
Does it make sense for
that piece of code to go here?
It might be and here listen to me,
it might be easier for
it to be there but it might be
conceptually wrong for it to be there.
In fact, I would suggest in my career,
been at this about 15 years,
far more often than it ought to be,
the easy spot is the wrong spot.
Being able to look at a piece of code and
think critically,
does it make sense conceptually for
that thing to be here?
That's the organization skill
that we're talking about.
So what did I use to my advantage?
Well, I used the idea that I
know how to declare a function.
I used the idea that I know
how to call a function.
And, importantly to our discussion,
I used the idea that I know how easy it
is to expose something on my public API.
>> Speaker 4: Just one thing,
on line 14, we don't need items anymore.
And details.
Right?
It's not used anywhere.
>> Kyle Simpson: That's correct.
Yes, we're not using items anymore,
so I can take that diversion out.
Good catch.
All right, just to make sure I didn't
mess something up, let's test it.
Test our code.
We're not adding any new functionality,
we're just improving the organization.
Should still be able to click these and
load them.
>> Kyle Simpson: [COUGH] This is
a rabbit hole that could go way deeper
in a normal application.
I set this up that that's the end of
the rabbit hole in that particular case.
Because we've done basically the practical
amount of refactoring that's necessary.
You could do more refactoring, but you're
not going to get as much of a payoff for
it as we just saw there, the moving.
So, I artificially
constructed this problem so
that you could see the solution and
why the solution is useful, but
it's way more important that you
understand how I did that than what I did.
How I thought about it,
the questions that I asked,
the tools that I pulled out of
my tool box to make that happen.
Maybe the most important thing I teach
you all day long is that thinking, okay?